♪
[sighs]
[splashes]
[gasps]
Okay.
Uh! Can't forget this.
[SYLPHIETTE]
The Ranoa University
of Magic dormitories.
For several years now,
this has been my home.
[panting]
Every morning I wake up,
wash my face
and go for a run around Sharia,
the City of Magic,
until I feel
like I can't run anymore.
It's helped me memorize
the layout of the city streets,
and made me more aware
of my own physical limitations.
No one really recommended this
routine to me, per se.
But it's always felt like
something Rudy might do,
if he were in my position.
Classes are boring.
They mostly just retread things
I learned from Rudy.
Which goes to show just
how much he knew about magic,
I guess.
[MALE TEACHER]
Compound spells combine...
How exactly does this
type of magic work?
Oh, of course.
You know when you
have a red-hot rock or stone,
dropping it in water
will make it steam?
It's kind of like that.
Ah, I see.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Her Highness is eager to learn.
I tend to prefer dedicated,
positive people like her.
Maybe I have Rudy
to thank for that.
[ARIEL] Ooh, I never knew
there was a path through here.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I found it recently,
it's a shortcut to the boutique.
There's something charming
about it,
despite how winding
and narrow it is.
It must be a remnant
of when the city was first
constructed.
The older districts
are mazelike by design,
because the city's location
was so vulnerable to invasion.
Oh, wow. I didn't think you took
your lessons seriously,
but listen to you!
I guess you do pay attention.
No, I picked that up
from a girl I went out with.
Good thing playing the field
hasn't stabbed you
in the back yet.
-[chuckles]
-What will be will be.
I do have Notos blood
running in my veins.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Notos blood, huh?
Rudy comes
from that same family, right?
He must be a ladies man
himself, then.
I wonder if he would
keep skirt-chasing
even if was married to someone.
He probably would.
His father did it.
[gasps]
Hmm?
Rudy, ugh.
Almost feels like,
he's all I ever want
to think about anymore.
I just don't know
what we are to each other.
[gasps]
What should I do?
♪
[JULIETTE]
He-He!
[RUDEUS] A month has passed
since Julie arrived.
I assigned her
training exercises
as an "experiment."
I let her use one incantation
to start the day,
but then I have her focus
on conjuring lumps of clay
without speaking at all.
Zanoba was under the impression
that she'd never learn silent
spell casting that way.
Uh!
[shatters]
But she pulled it off
in under a month.
She knew a handful
of Human words already,
and likes mimicking others.
She's just a really smart girl.
And I thought figures were all
Zanoba cared about,
but he's been taking great care
of her, too.
♪
Most slaves,
once they're bought,
are branded or marked
with an enchantment
that keeps them from escaping,
but I didn't like the idea
of that.
Julie isn't a slave.
She's my apprentice.
And practically
a sister to Zanoba.
♪
Then one day, disaster struck.
Listen up, Julie! No great work
is possible without passion!
So as our master's
first disciple, I, Zanoba,
shall recount the wonders
of his artistic fervor!
Tonight, we shall focus
on the Ruijerd figure!
Behold this dreadful
and mighty warrior!
He never loses his luster!
Upon first glance
I'm sure you'll agree the most
striking feature of this work
is inarguably its pose!
That reminds me. What ever
happened to the Roxy figurine?
Sadness...
Oh, that?
Well, I left it back
in Shirone, of course!
Liar.
[whimpers]
Huh! Actually,
I do have it here, in a sense.
Do you really?
Would you get it out?
I'd love to see it again,
it's been forever.
[whimpers]
[panting]
[RUDEUS]
Hey. What the hell happened?
[screams]
Explain yourself, Zanoba.
When did? What did you?
What the hell is going on?
You know how devoted I am
to my master, don't you?
How much I revere her?
Honor her?
I poured every ounce
of my loyalty into this figure.
And for it to wind up like this.
-Urgh!
-[screams]
Zanoba,
this is an affront
to my master and my goddess.
So, are you actually my enemy?
[ZANOBA]
P-P-Perish the thought!
P-please understand! I was
challenged to a duel, and...
-A duel, you say?
-Yes.
Linia and Pursena
challenged me to one
during my first year here.
Ah, those two Doldia girls, yes?
Before we began,
we each had to wager something
precious to us.
And I.
[sobs]
Forgive me, my Master!
I lost!
[sobs]
[RUDEUS]
It's not your fault.
No, sir! Thank you!
But you should have told me
what happened much sooner,
my dear pupil!
I wouldn't have tried
to ingratiate myself
with those brutes if you had.
[RUDEUS]
How dare they?
How dare they take
someone else's hard work
and destroy it like that?
They will pay.
This is like smashing
someone's PC with a bat!
Damn them.
Those assholes will get no mercy
from me.
What do you say
we teach them a lesson?
[BOTH shrieking]
Uh... Okay! Yes, sir!
[PURSENA] If you keep making us
late to dinner
I'm just gonna stop
waiting for you.
Oh, give it a rest already,
you pig. Huh!
[LINIA] What are mew looking at,
weirdos?
[sniffs]
Linia, smells like
they're itchin' for a fight.
Zanoba! You're not really
askin' for another duel!
I can't believe this
scrawny-lookin' first-year
is who you want backing you up
against us two, meow.
Hmm!
That does it!
The gloves are comin' off meow!
Didn't think you would want
your other stupid little doll
to get all trampled on, too.
Pst! Master,
please allow me t...
No, no! It's fine,
they're the ones
who should be embarrassed.
Always attached at the hip,
ganging up on whomever
they feel like at the time.
You know? It's almost like
they want everyone to know
they can't do anything alone.
What did you say?
Better watch it, new kid.
You're on thin ice
with that attitude.
Just shut up
and stay in your corner
and we can leave
each other alone.
But keep yappin' like that
and I'll destroy mew.
Anyway, go let all that sink in.
We're busy honor students
and we have way better things
to do
than argue with children
like mew.
Pick a fight
with someone else, meow.
Why do you still mew
like a baby?
The beast folk I know
all speak like adults,
but I guess that's beyond you.
Jackass.
I'll strip you naked
and splash water on mew!
Ugh, you really
do have a short fuse.
[BOTH gasp]
Aah!
♪
Hey, grab Pursena!
[shouting]
♪
Went with white today.
[shouting]
[RUDEUS]
So tall, but so slow.
[gasps] What? What the...?
[groans]
Okay! Julie?
Superb work as always, Master.
You didn't need my help at all,
did you?
Yeah. I kind
of surprised myself, actually.
[RUDEUS]
I expected more from them.
Guess that means Paul and Eris
were both way stronger than
I thought.
[groans]
Rise and shine, ladies!
[grunts]
Where to even
begin with you two?
-[humming]
-[grunting]
[RUDEUS] Oh! I wonder if this is
what will cure the ol'
you know what?
[whimpers]
Mm, nope. They're nice,
but I still don't feel anything.
Not even a peep
from the little guy.
Guess I can't count on the
Grayrat predilections
too much.
Ah, well.
Master, uh, is that the sort
of punishment you had
in mind for them?
Oh no, just a little experiment.
[gasps]
Now, then. No games, please.
Do you understand
why you're in this predicament?
[BOTH sigh]
I'm pretty sure we haven't done
anything to you...
Oh! You haven't, have you?
[clicks]
[RUDEUS] Hmm! This is
your handiwork, is it not?
[PURSENA] What does that
creepy doll have to do with it?
[RUDEUS] That figure
is modeled after my goddess.
Your "goddess"?
That's correct.
The one to whom I owe
my ability to go out
and experience the world.
-[ALL sigh]
-[ZANOBA] It's beautiful!
I created that figure
in the very image of my deity.
And you, in cold blood,
smashed it to pieces.
[ALL scream]
So, girls? What do you have
to say for yourselves?
I'm not the one
who stomped on it!
That was all Linia!
I told her to stop
but she kept going!
[gagging]
[RUDEUS]
This'll be fun.
[gasps] You said it was creepy
and ugly, so you didn't want it!
Yeah, but you still
stomped on it!
Whatever! My foot slipped!
Plus, you're the one who kicked
all the pieces apart
across the courtyard, meow!
Silence! You are
equally responsible!
And heretics must be punished.
That said, my religion
is newly established, so,
I haven't yet determined
the penalties for such cases.
Well, don't try anything funny,
or else my dad and grandpa
will have something to say
a-meow-t it!
Oh, do you mean Gyes?
Yes, that takes me back.
He once falsely accused me
of a crime.
He said I'd done something
reprehensible to the tribe's
Sacred Beast.
So in return,
I was stripped naked,
doused with water,
and dumped in a cell.
Shall I do
the same thing to you?
Meow? No, no, please,
anything but that!
I'll do whatever you say, meow!
I don't care
what happens to Linia!
Just spare me, I beg you!
Absolutely, I don't care
what happens to me, just-Hey!
The Doldia tribe
can be quite ruthless
when it comes to their Sacred
Beast, as I'm sure you're aware.
Now, they did apologize
when they realized
they were mistaken.
But in this case,
there's no question of guilt!
We didn't know!
Please forgive us.
We won't do it again, okay?
[RUDEUS]
You bet your ass you won't.
If you want my forgiveness
then put this figure back
together like it was!
Roxy! Roxy!
Do you see it now?
Not even my master
can repair it!
[RUDEUS]
No, this is totally fixable.
[ALL]
Roxy! Roxy!
[RUDEUS] I've got all the parts,
and I've improved
since I first made it.
Yeah, I can fix it.
[ALL]
Roxy! Roxy! Roxy!
[RUDEUS]
Well, now what?
[SYLPHIETTE] So, now
I'm kinda stuck, I guess.
I'm sorry, uh, go back, um.
You're saying you and Zanoba
have them bound
and locked in your room?
[RUDEUS] Oh. I think
I gave him the wrong idea.
They are in my room,
but I didn't try to sleep
with them or anything.
Ahh, is that so?
Well, I guess I did touch
one of their breasts.
Y-you touched their breasts?
[RUDEUS] Yeah, but I just
wanted to check something.
So, uh, you did touch them,
but not "like that"?
Nope, that was never the plan.
O-Oh, okay.
In any case,
I could use your wisdom
on how to handle this now.
I want to punish them
in some way,
but the lesson has to stick,
and I don't want to incur
their wrath
and leave them seeking revenge
down the line.
You got any ideas?
[SYLPHIETTE]
That's a tough needle to thread.
Hmm!
Okay, I have just the thing.
Oh?
[RUDEUS] We are rapidly
approaching "famous last words"
territory, but, whatever,
I trust him.
[BOTH sigh]
[groans]
Do your worst, creep,
I ain't scared of you.
Only, if you're gonna keep us
locked up in here,
you could at least uncuff
our hands, meow.
Being tied up is the worst,
meow.
I promise we won't run away.
Yeah I'll be good, too.
So come on,
just feed me already.
I'll stop howling
in the dorm at night!
I won't bite teachers anymore!
I'm begging,
just get me a snack.
I'm dying over here.
Come on, we should.
[BOTH scream]
Okay fine,
I'll do whatever you say,
but nothing that results
in babies, meow.
I wanna date someone
and get married
before I do any of that.
-Are we clear?
-Same for me.
But you can still touch
Linia's boobs
every now and then if you want.
Yeah, meow. You can
still-wait, why only mine?
[PURSENA]
Mine aren't cheap.
You gotta give me
the good steak for that.
[LINIA]
Mine aren't cheap, either, meow!
Anyway, boss,
you gonna let us go, or what?
[RUDEUS]
I'm "boss" now?
I really am hungry.
I have some jerky in my room
and I can smell it from here.
Yeah, meow.
You realize we haven't had
anything to eat or drink
since last night.
[RUDEUS]
I don't like her tone.
[SYLPHIETTE]
You don't sound sorry enough.
[LINIA]
Fitz.
It's none
of your business, meow.
No kidding. Nuhni ya.
Uh!
Oh, that does it. Girls? Sit!
[BOTH]
Meow!
My apologies, Master Fitz.
You may continue.
[RUDEUS]
This is gonna be fun.
[grunts]
[SYLPHIETTE] There's a tribe
on the Demon Continent
that uses this paint
to mark their bodies
when they come of age.
The right incantation
will melt the markings
into your skin permanently.
I won't forget
this anytime soon, Fitz.
Nuhni uo.
If you ever disobey Rudeus.
I'll cast the spell
the second you do,
and you will wear
that shame forever.
[shrieking]
[RUDEUS] Master Fitz
doesn't pull any punches.
You'll keep your faces like
this at school tomorrow.
And then I'll remove the paint!
Uh!
Hey boss.
You knocked us out
in the courtyard real fast.
How could you track us so well?
[RUDEUS] I really just
remembered my training
and acted accordingly.
[LINIA]
Meow, who was your master?
[RUDEUS]
Oh, um.
I guess, Ghislaine.
Our Ghislaine?
As in Ghislaine
of the Doldia tribe?
Sword King Ghislaine?
Oh, yeah, of course her.
[RUDEUS] That's right,
if Linia is Gyes's daughter.
Obviously that means
Ghislaine is her aunt.
That makes sense.
Uh! Be seein' mew.
Uh! See ya later, boss.
I'm sorry again about your
perv doll.
[RUDEUS]
Good grief.
Um, hey, Rudeus.
That wasn't too far, right?
[RUDEUS]
I don't think so.
But you mentioned a special
incantation for that paint.
If anyone else knows it,
we could all be in big trouble.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Huh? Oh, uh. That was a lie.
Sorry?
[SYLPHIETTE] That was just
regular cheap paint you use
for magic circles.
A little mana will wash it off.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Hey, I've been curious since
I walked in. What might that be?
Oh, yeah!
I keep a holy relic
of my faith in it.
[SYLPHIETTE] Really? Then,
you're not a follower of Millis?
-No, sir. I'm a lifelong...
Would you mind if I took a look?
-No, no please don't open it!
-Sorry!
[RUDEUS] The shock may be more
than Master Fitz can handle.
But uh, yeah, make
yourself at home, otherwise.
Huh!
♪
You weren't joking,
this pillow does rattle.
Can I put my head on it?
Go ahead.
This is really comfy.
[RUDEUS] He even keeps
the glasses on
when he lies down.
What would happen
if I reached over
and just took them off?
♪
Want to see?
Huh? To see what?
[SYLPHIETTE]
My whole face.
Yeah, I do.
♪
Uh. I'm just kidding! I can't!
Under Princess Ariel's orders.
I'm actually forbidden
to show my face at all.
Oh! I didn't know. Well,
I won't try to force you then.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I appreciate it.
But, speaking of Her Highness,
I guess I had better be going.
Sure. Thank you for everything.
Yeah, you're welcome, heh.
And, uh, good night.
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
What would have happened
if I had seen Fitz's face
just now?
For some reason.
I feel like that would
have been a point of no return.